when he was over
Davey wagon train attack I'm beggin your
pardon ma'am but what happened
a grizzly bars gone up an ambush them
well man stop rocking yourself silly
your troubles are over
you see this here is Davey Davey Bobby
large refuse me right there peculiar
name education named after a French egg
dish I know what an omelette is boy I'm
talking about dining
well that's short for David you die the
omelet and Davy omelette why her telly
that for the sick son full boost to his
knees and hug him to eat baby Alvin I
hear tell he's a chicken whoa them's
lies you're telling boy you better stop
spreading tall tales
oh did you see that Davy omelette grin
down a bar
we're all being swayed back marsupial he
is a chicken I told you that guy was a
chicken hey come on back for supper
we're having pioneer chicken
like human guys but you're not a man
you're cheating